---
title: FieldTrip meeting - 20140402
tags: [meeting]
---

## FieldTrip meeting - 20140402

#### Agenda

- Discuss bug 2500 (JM's request)
- Discuss bug 2516 (Jörn's request)
- Follow up on existential discussion on timelock/freq data without chan (Robert)
- Discuss assignment of tasks during May toolkit.
- Discuss source reconstruction using ICA (Jörn's request)
- Memory requirements in test scripts (Robert)

#### Minutes

- We discussed the toolkit schedule. TBD: availability of Eelke + who's doing the freq lecture. For the hands-on Robert will make an google sheet where people can sign up.
- Memory requirements for test script should take into account the memory req for MATLAB itself. Thus, ideally > 1GB. Also walltime should be at minimum 10 minutes.
- We discussed bug 2500.
- We discussed bug 2516.
- We briefly discussed how to deal with the e-mails that are left unanswered on the mailing list. All FT team members should reply occasionally (1 per week at least), to reflect that it's a team effort. Also we should give room to the outside-centre FT'ers to reply.
- support for component data in source reconstruction functions: - dipole fitting and MNE should in principle be doable. - yet, the functions may become confused because of the mixed representation of the component data (in a freq/tlck structure). - identify which functions should support this, but currently don't do it well. - ensure that the data is unambiguous, i.e. only keep topo/topolabel and remove anything else.
